future
What are you doing?
Ouch.
Is the courier back?
What a bummer.
Yo, how sweet of you!
Bought a life
But this young master is not available
If you don't believe me, you can ask Lan Lan.
I hate it.
You tell me
What happened to you and him?
How come?
Men like you
I don't make much money this month.
Can't support me at all, I've had enough
Only young and experienced men like Li Shao
To deserve you
So what, you loser?
Please sign this divorce agreement obediently
Get out of my house now
So poor
You have been married to Lan Lan for 3 years
Never slept in his bed
Hahaha now la la is on my bed
Are you angry?
Are you angry? Are you angry?
Hahaha
Bastard, what are you doing?
Don't come here, you bastard
Then don't come here.
Ah you let him go
Your Majesty, let go of Li Sheng
I kill you kill you kill you